add small chips being blown away to indicate/suggest the rocks can be broken?
add timer rewards in like dead cells, only unlock certain rooms(bunkers) if before a certain time?
add auto aim for tech wepaons?
add chance of wepon mod in normal level 1 max and v rare?
add endless mode / highscore mode?
add navigation marker to point toward enemies and pickup?
add cacti do melee damage? explode with needles?
add lock on to shootable objects?
add if damage is overkill (x2) for daddy no spawn babaies?
add random drops that help like lower re roll counter or extra health drop etc (no damage rounds)?
add upgrades require 1 tech point plus cash, or maybe on certain levels? mid and max?
add some imuune to shock? to differnt weapon types?
add crawler info page (with achievements or holo bug)?
add spitters attack slow ytou down or maybe on eliete spitters? (Ice Spitters Blue, to keep colors and effects synced)
add suicide bugs that stop near you and glow bright until they explode
add more stages to boss fights, albino gets more abbilites and things change on each section of health lost
add enivronemntals deal more damage mod?
change weapons stats and cost to be more exponentail and add more levels?
add auto aim as a variable to be played with (auto aim is reduced by 50% but damage + 30%)?
add daddy boss enemy like rusion doll / hydra / splitting ability
add ice grenade mod like ice barrel
add desert lighting rods
add spitters self defence attack for close range
add unique images for mods
add spitters and chargers own death sound
add sounds to alien craft
add void shop
add base cosmetics purchaser
add show mods at end of run
add bake the lighting and group scenes
add crawler screech and animation on discovery of player
show numeric level difficulty on level start? as in the stat used to roughly see how "infested" a level is on the data sheet
add toxic areas with damage and slow down (radiation zones, screen overlay effect)
end end boss when you collect all the crystals is you (different mech versions that the AI has taken over to fight you with (tkaes your top 5 builds that you used up to that point, need to track build over time))


x add scrolling credits page at end of complete easy

x add 1/3 for easter egg, either noise / effect when adding a box
x add skip mod pickup

x add burst pusle time for horde and such to be linked with difficulty, harder = less time more & per burst

x add red types of all enemies
x add chargers green as well as red

x add "replaces" mod if have one eqiped already
x add armored crawlers in red with more health and damage
x add more dialouges 

change tutorial text to match new story (Welcome user.... would you like to run the suit up protocol? Y/N)








